----------Data entry validation.

A simple data validation logic or rule verifies that the characters provided come from a valid set,
 including data type and max-min values, among other rules. 
A strong data validation mechanism would check to see the user had entered
 a VALID zip code, i.e., that the number of digits entered matched the convention for the zip code specified.
 Having a valid zip code the system can go to a look up table and grab automatically the city, county, state, and country.

----------The mechanisms to validate data entries could reside at: 

The application layer. As today (04/08/2001) we have several problems with the validation logic.
The application does not control required fields (i.e. Treatment of cancer, Sex, address),
the DOB field allows the user to enter February 31,
DOB field allows me to choose I was born in 6 months from now (i.e. August, 08, 2011),
in the same direction the application should verify that the user is at least 18 years old 
, the application does not control the number of characters in the fields
, the states should be listed, I was able to enter 1 (one) pound as my weight and 1 foot as my height, etc.
  
---------The storage layer (also known as the database layer).
Having a strong mechanism to validate the data entry at the application layer could not be enough to ensure our quality standards,
so the storage layer should be in place. Furthermore, this layer provides the required security for the data.  


---------Consent number generation.
The  second part of the code (location or hospital) should be the one the consenter (surveyor) belongs to.
The application is not controlling whether or not a questionnaire has been saved and generates a new number number every time “New Survey” is clicked.
In other words, if the user clicks “New Survey” and no data is enter, a new click on “New Survey”  should not generate a new number,
instead a pop up should warn the user that a survey has not been saved and ask for confirmation. 


---roles and users

adding roles and users id would not be hard... (for now, already two roles (survey / admin) exists) 
Grails spring security plugin
add email / allow email communication.

---Reports/stats/summarys
Google chart
the number of questionnaires per facility
the total number of questionnaires.
the list of uncompleted surveys.  

>> - export to csv
grails export plugin

>> - improved error messages.
too many characters in any field--->“Grails Runtime Exception”
session expire....message (couter for 1 hour - resetting every refresh--- inactivity checker)
error message "Number only (Zipcode)”, it should also tell the user the expected number of digits and probably give an example.
Although I enter numbers in the zip  -------> ????
zipcode---> zip code
age, weight, and height--- don't allow too long ...

